custom timeouts: datasource documentation (#5576)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/dev_test_virtual_network.html.markdown

* `use_public_ip_permission` - Indicates if the subnet can be assigned public IP addresses.  Possible values are `Allow`, `Default` and `Deny`.

* `virtual_network_pool_name` - The virtual network pool associated with this subnet.

### Timeouts

~> **Note:** Custom Timeouts are available [as an opt-in Beta in version 1.43 of the Azure Provider](/docs/providers/azurerm/guides/2.0-beta.html) and will be enabled by default in version 2.0 of the Azure Provider.

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

> * `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the Dev Test Lab Virtual Network.

Reviewer: the brand name's DevTest here

```suggestion
* `read` - (Defaults to 5 minutes) Used when retrieving the DevTest Lab Virtual Network.
```
